[expo-file-system] The background session doesn't fail if connection is down (#8593)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/filesystem.md

These values can be used to define how sessions work on iOS.

- **FileSystem.FileSystemSessionType.BACKGROUND** -- Using this mode means that the downloading/uploading session on the native side will work even if the application is moved to background. If the task completes while the application is in background, the Promise will be either resolved immediately or (if the application execution has already been stopped) once the app is moved to foreground again.

>   > **Note**: The background session doesn't fail a task if the server or your connection is down. Rather, it continues retrying until the task successes or will be canceled manually.

Reviewer: `success` is a noun, not a verb 😉 
```suggestion
  > **Note**: The background session doesn't fail if the server or your connection is down. Rather, it continues retrying until the task succeeds or is canceled manually.
```
